# Shopofly
The main problem that Shopofly is looking forward to solve is connecting local shops to customers in need for the items they offer and enhance the overall shopping experience. Many people nowadays experience long working hours and busy lifestyle, for them having to go for grocery shopping weekly or on certain days after a long working day might sometimes sound annoying and tiring. Shopofly will save time and effort by letting the stores come to people instead of having the people go to them. This way, marketing can be used innovatively to target captured audiences (such as commuters waiting for the next plane in an airport).

Shopofly enables users to experience virtual shopping in Saudi Arabia. Shops as small as a grocery store could turn the typical shopping experience into a future kind of reaching out to items. The idea here is to bring many advantages to the ordinary physical shopping. For instance, it invests in reducing waiting times by shopping anywhere they are. It also provides local shops an opportunity to increase their sales and reach out to newmarkets. Shopofly’s main objective is to put together the advertisement and marketing strategies into direct sales. Our goal is to make the end-user experience much smoother, easier and efficient with minimum effort to place an order. To enhance the experience even more, a convenient tap and pay payment method is designed to let users pay online using credit cards or pay upon delivery with either cash or using their bank account debit card.

Virtual shopping can be very effective and beneficial in certain situations. As mentioned above, shopping during waiting at bus stops, metro stations or high-waiting places can be more convenient for many users. Shopofly can help decreasing the time needed to find a specific product by using a QR-code to quickly add products in their carts.

Merchants using Shopofly will be able to market their brand and products as well as increase their sales and sources of income. Our choice of items to be displayed on each virtual store will be based on what environment that virtual store is and what items customers on this environment are interested in or need, We believe that this mechanism will probably increase the orders placed and potential customers. Moreover, We provide the most convenient payment method for both customers and merchants which will in return eliminate the cash overhead for our users. We conclude that shopofly serves as a marketplace where merchants can add their items for marketing and selling, and customers can use to shop in an easy and convenient way in addition to making use of their waiting time as much as possible.
